welcome back to recap cinema today we
will be recapping over a thriller movie
by the name of jennifer's body with a
few twists you won't expect
spoilers ahead our story begins by
introducing us to our main protagonist a
violent mental inmate who resides in a
minnesota prison
her name is needy we flashback a few
months revealing needy in high school
since childhood she had been friends
with jennifer check a popular
cheerleader despite having little in
common
one night while with her boyfriend ship
jennifer comes to take needy to a local
dangerous bar to attend a concert
performed by the band low shoulder needy
was reluctant but agreed to go anyway
whilst at the concert a mysterious fire
engulfed the bar separating needy and
jennifer chaos ensued as concertgoers
got caught up in the flames several
people were even engulfed in flames
themselves to both jennifer and needy's
horror needy manages to grab jennifer
and freeze them both via the bathroom
window once free from the burning
wreckage needy lovingly tried to calm a
terrified jennifer revealing to the
audience a sexual chemistry between the
two friends ignoring needy's pleas for
her to stay a still shaken jennifer
leaves with the band leaving needy to
walk home alone a distraught needy
phones chip desperate to talk to someone
about the evening's events the fire the
band and jennifer's betrayal and leaving
needy alone suddenly needy hears crashes
and noises in the house which she is
supposed to be alone in
terrified she carefully makes her way
downstairs to investigate to her horror
jennifer appears with her hair wild a
dangerous expression and covered in
blood
what frightens needy more however is the
calm yet sinister look in jennifer's
eyes taken aback needy tries to talk to
jennifer and begs her to explain what
happened however it is pointless as
jennifer does nothing but grin flashing
her bloody teeth jennifer casually walks
to needy's fridge and stuffs her mouth
with any food she can find
surprisingly jennifer can't seem to keep
the food down and begins vomiting a
black thick substance that appears to
crawl and move
needy looks on horrified by the events
transpiring in her kitchen stumbling
away needy grabs her phone to dial for
help but her call is cut short by a
crazed jennifer cornering her and
whispering seductively into her ear
whilst also planting tender kisses along
needy's neck making her scared and
uncomfortable
she is confused by jennifer's sudden
change in behavior and is taken aback by
how risky and inappropriately she's
acting we cut to a still-traumatized
niggy in class the next day her face is
pale and tired as she recounts last
night's happenings before jennifer have
left abruptly as she is reminiscing on
her childhood friendship with jennifer
she appears in front of her looking
bright and happy acting completely
nonchalant and as if nothing had
happened the night before
a still confused needy presses jennifer
for answers but she doesn't get any
after class we see needy walking with
her boyfriend chip trying to explain the
situation and hoping for some sort of
comfort from him we cut to jennifer
strolling across a soccer pitch to the
school's football captain whom she
seduces and lowers into the neighboring
forest
they proceed to hook up
distracted by jennifer's beauty and bare
body the jock fails to spot her odd
behavior as she pleasures him
suddenly she pushes him back forcefully
pinning him to a tree horrifyingly her
face transforms with tentacles bursting
out of her mouth
we hear screams as jennifer disembowels
and eats the captain meanwhile the
members of low shoulder gain popularity
due to their falsely rumored heroism
during the fire and offer to make a
charity appearance at the school's
spring formal a month later jennifer
appears sick and listless as the class
teacher mr roblewski appears to bore the
students the students all excitedly
chatter about the spring formal and the
fact that low shoulder is performing
several kids even donning low shoulder
t-shirts however we see negi arguing
with a fellow classmate who is spreading
rumors about the supposed cannibal in
town and the fire at the bar
needy proceeds to shut her down once
class has finished the school's
alternative emo kit approaches needy and
jennifer whom have been walking together
and sheepishly begins talking to
jennifer he mumbles a question but then
finds the courage to speak up and asks
jennifer to the spring formal a
tired-looking jennifer agrees to his
delight and they arrange when he will
pick her up once again jennifer has
lured a man into her grasp and we later
see colin arriving at an abandoned house
he appears unsure but makes his way
upstairs we cut to needy and chip having
sex
cutting back to the house we see colin
has found jennifer in an upstairs room
with the floor covered in candles and
occult looking cymbals
freaked out by the site colin attempts
to leave but jennifer convinces him she
is just interested in the occult and so
reassured colin begins to hook up with
her
as both needy and chip and jennifer and
colin continue to hook up we cut to a
scared-looking needy who envisions blood
leaking from her ceiling and senses
something is very wrong
it is revealed jennifer has brutally
killed colin she leaves the house in a
panic driving erratically and almost
runs over jennifer who is drenched in
blood which we know as colons
colin can be seen lying lifeless on the
floor while a dare range jennifer feasts
on him
speeding off needy michael's at home and
quietly gets into bed remembering
everything strange that had happened the
past couple months suddenly jennifer
appeared in needy's room who was shocked
to see her looking normal
before needy could question her further
jennifer leaned across her bed and the
two began passionately making out
after pleading with jennifer for her to
stop and explain what was going on she
relented and began to explain jennifer
explained that the knight of the fire
low shoulder who were tired of only
performing in dive bars and being
unknown had taken her into the woods and
offered her as a virgin sacrifice to
satan in exchange for fame and fortune
which explained how they had managed to
sign with a big label
and although the sacrifice and demonic
exchange were a success jennifer was not
actually a virgin so she became
permanently possessed by the succubus it
is then revealed after the sacrifice
jennifer had claimed her first victim in
the international exchange student who
had been walking home his blood is what
we saw jennifer covered in when she
visited needy after the bar fire
horrified by what poor jennifer had been
through on that fateful night needy
vowed to help fix her the following day
needy goes to the school library's
occult section and determines that
jennifer is a succubus who must feed on
flesh and can only be killed while she
is hungry and weak fearful jennifer will
find her next feed at the spring formal
needy hurries to warn chip of jennifer's
cannibalistic capabilities and demonic
succubus but her police fall on deaf
ears and chip doesn't believe her
fearing he was in danger and despite
still loving him needy broke up with
chip in order to protect him and keep
him away from the dance a hurt chip
confused and angry decides to attend the
dance anyway
we then see a sad looking needy and a
beautiful pink dress ready for the ball
her demeanor however changes when she
realizes she cannot guarantee chip will
stay away from the dance
fearing this she rushes to the ball to
find him
unfortunately the next time we see chip
he has been found by jennifer who is
eagerly kissing him jennifer leads a
unsuspecting chip to the school's
abandoned pool house in which she plans
on feasting on him after biting on him
several times leaving him bleeding and
scared chip is saved by needy jumping in
and beginning to fight jennifer needy is
determined to protect chip the love of
her life and submerges herself in the
pool chip is floating and bleeding out
and residing in the abandoned pool house
in order to protect him from jennifer
chip still injured throws needy a can of
deodorant as a weapon
as jennifer approaches the two needy
sprays the substance in jennifer's eyes
in order to blind her
this does little to stop jennifer
unfortunately who begins levitating over
the couple as they huddle together in
the water whilst jennifer and anita
argue chip climbs out of the pool and
grabs a discarded pool net
he launches at jennifer impaling her on
the spike and silence falls upon the
three for a minute
unfortunately as with the deodorant the
metal spike does little to stop or even
kill jennifer as she slowly pulls it out
stunned needy and chip watch on as
jennifer escapes through a window to
flee home
chip collapses succumbing to his
injuries and knee cradles him in her
arms as she watches him die
a distraught needy lies on her bed with
a blank expression that mirrors her
numbness
she lovingly glances at a photo of her
and chip and anger rising from within
her we see her changing out of her
soiled prom dress and into casual
clothes a determined look on her face we
cut to an unharmed jennifer lying on her
bed
all of a sudden we see needy break into
her window and straddle her a vengeful
look on her face and box cutter in hand
jennifer begins to levitate with needy
still on her taunting needy and laughing
at her loss
enraged needy rips off jennifer's bff
necklace that she gifted her
surprisingly hurt jennifer crashes down
on her bed a look of sadness on her face
taking advantage of this vulnerability
needy stabs jennifer's heart with the
box cutter a dying jennifer confesses
her love for needy before finally
passing away
jennifer's mom then bursts in horrified
by the scene before her horrified and
not knowing what jennifer had been
through her mother cried and grabbed her
lifeless body we then cut to a hollow
looking needy in solitary confinement
clearly being imprisoned for the murder
of jennifer
to our horror needy reveals a scratched
shoulder an injury she got from jennifer
and needy begins levitating revealing
her possession from the same demonic
succubus that took jennifer amazingly
using her newly acquired demonic powers
needy manages to break free of her metal
cage and escape prison with a determined
glint in her eyes walking through the
forest she comes across the knife low
shoulder used to sacrifice jennifer and
rage consumes her she walks along the
highway and hitches a ride we watch as
the car drives off in the distance and
the end credits roll as the credits roll
we are shown images of low shoulder in
their success
however the tone of the images changes
drastically when we see photos of the
group having been brutally murdered
in an ironic twist we see needy's face
on the cctv camera revealing she is the
one responsible for the grizzly murders
using the same knife they had used to
sacrifice jennifer did the band get what
they deserved
should needy be in prison comment your
opinions below
thanks for watching don't forget to like
and subscribe